Reallocate api patch (#519)
Agoric/documentation: main/zoe/guide/working_with_ZCFSeats.md

facets, which we call a `UserSeat` and a `ZCFSeat`, which are
two ways of accessing an offer's information.

- `ZCFSeats` are used within contracts and with ZCF methods. They
handle reallocation of assets between users and are a representation of an
offer by the contract. 

- `UserSeats` represent offers external to Zoe and the contract.. They are
the representation of the offer on the user side and let a contract instance
see what the user has escrowed and ensure when the user gets a payout, 
they get the right amount. 

For example, in an auction, the person putting up the item has both a `ZCFSeat`,
and a `UserSeat` as do each of the bidders. When the auction ends, the contract instance uses these `ZCFSeats` to reallocate the assets between the seller and the  winning bidder. The bidders use their `UserSeats` to check in on what's happening 
with the auction contract instance. When the auction ends, `UserSeat` allocations
are changed to reflect the resulting asset allocation, and payouts go to the `UserSeats`.

## ZCFSeats

A `ZCFSeat` can synchronously query its
associated offer's current state, such as its currently
allocated asset amounts. It can also synchronously 

> manipulate the offer.

Author: My mistake. I thought staged allocations would change when the terms of an offer were changed due to negotiation or buyer's decision (i.e. I'm outbid in an auction, so I change my bid to be higher.)

`ZCFSeats` have a *staged allocation*.  This is the current allocation
value used if and when the seat is *reallocated*  over. Reallocation occurs
when an offer successfully exits and the assets involved are
redistributed to the contract instance participants based on the

> instance's result. 

Reviewer: What is an "instance's result"?

> A seat's staged allocation starts out as empty. An empty allocation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A seat's staged allocation starts out as the current allocation.
```

means when the offer resolves, no assets are distributed via this

> seat. **tyg todo: Is "empty" the right word? The operation is "clear",

Reviewer: Nope, it is not empty. If you call `getStagedAllocation` after calling `clear()`, you will get the currentAllocation. `clear()` deletes the stagedAllocation, if any. To explicitly check if there is a stagedAllocation, you can call `hasStagedAllocation()`

but I think "empty" conveys better the effect at least** There are
operations to add and subtract amounts from a seat's staged

> allocation as offers are made and rejected, as well as to clear it

Reviewer: "As offers are made and rejected"? What does this mean? Adding and subtracting amounts from the staged allocation is unrelated to rejecting offers.

> back to its initial empty state.  

Reviewer 2: Stagings are deltas from a pre-existing allocation, which doesn't have to be empty. `clear()` resets to the last committed values. `empty` is the right term for zero amounts.

A `ZCFSeat` has methods that do the following:

> - Create and exit a seat.

Reviewer: There's no method on a ZCFSeat to create a seat.

- Get the seat's 
   - Offer proposal. 
   - Amount allocated for one keyword. 
   - Current allocation for all keywords. 
   - Current staged allocation.
- Check if a proposed allocation satisfies offer safety. 
- Manipulate a seat's staged allocation:

>    - Check if the seat has a non-empty staged allocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Check if the seat has a staged allocation.
```
Whether it is empty or not is a separate issue. You could be staging a seat such that the stagedAllocation is empty, but the currentAllocation was not.

   - Add an amount to the staged allocation.
   - Subtract an amount from the staged allocation.
   - Clear the staged allocation.

> - Associate a notifier with the seat's allocation.

Reviewer: "Associate a notifier" sounds like a notifier exists and you are attaching it somehow. 
```suggestion
- Get a notifier for the seat's allocation.
```

> Also, `zcf.reallocate()` is called over an offer's `ZCFseats` with
> non-empty staged allocations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, `zcf.reallocate()` is called over a number of `ZCFseats` with staged allocations. 
```

### Creating and Exiting a `ZCFSeat`

#### Creating a `ZCFSeat`

> To create a new, empty, `ZCFSeat`, use `zcf.makeEmptySeatKit()`. It

Reviewer: The most common case (probably over 90% of cases) is that the ZCFSeat is sent to the contract by ZCF as the argument to the offerHandler for that offer. I think we should not lead with `makeEmptySeatKit` here. That is only for the case in which the contract wants to make another seat (without any offer safety or payments escrowed) for accounting purposes, such as the seat associated with a liquidity pool.

returns both a new `ZCFSeat` and a Promise for a `UserSeat`

Zoe uses seats to represent offers, and has two seat facets (a
particular view or API of an object; there may be multiple such APIs
per object) a `ZCFSeat` and a `UserSeat`. 

```js
const { zcfSeat: mySeat } = zcf.makeEmptySeatKit();
```
#### Exiting a `ZCFSeat`

> When you have finished processing an offer, or it fails for some

Reviewer: Instead of `you`, we should say something like, "the contract code has finished processing an offer" and "the contract code exits the seat"

reason, you *exit* the seat. The relevant methods are:

- `ZCFSeat.hasExited()` which returns `true` if the seat has already
exited, `false` if it's still active. 

- `ZCFSeat.exit(completion)` returns nothing. It is called when
   a seat successfully finishes processing an offer, including making any
   payouts. The seat is destroyed, and its object can no longer

>    interact with its previously associated contract instance.

Reviewer: There's a lot to fix in this paragraph. First, seats don't process anything. Also, `exit` happens before a payout can occur, not offer. The seat is not destroyed. You can still call methods on it, but apart from the method for getting the current allocation, those methods will error. There's no such thing as "its object" - the seat is an object -and the seat doesn't interact with the contract instance. The contract code calls methods on the seat, or passes the seat to `reallocate`.

   The `completion` argument is usually a string, but can be any
   object. It's only used for the notification sent to the contract
   instance's `done()` function. `exit()` does not affect any other
   open seats, outstanding promises, or the contract instance itself. 
   
- `ZCFSeat.fail(msg)` also returns nothing. It is called when an error
   happened when the seat tried to process its offer. The `msg` argument
   should be an appropriate error message for whatever happened. While the
   contract instance still gets its current allocation, the seat is
   destroyed and can no longer interact with the contract
   instance. `fail()` does not affect any other open seats,
   outstanding promises, or the contract instance itself. 

   Agoric recommends using `fail()` to exit a seat with an error as
   follows: 
   ```js

>    throw seat.fail(Error('Something's wrong'));

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   throw seat.fail(Error('Something is wrong'));
```

in the [Zoe Guide](/zoe/guide/proposal.md#proposals). 
- `want`: a record with keywords as keys and amounts as values.
- `give`: a record with keywords as keys and amounts as values.
- `exit`: the conditions under which the seat/offer can exit.

Allocations represent the amounts to be paid out to each seat for
a contract instance offer on exit, whether successful or not.
Normal reasons for exiting are the user requesting to exit or the contract
explicitly choosing to close out the seat. The guarantees also hold
if the contract encounters an error or misbehaves. There are several
methods for finding out what amount a current allocation is. 

- `ZCFSeat.getProposal()` returns a `ProposalRecord` representing the
   seat's associated offer proposal. This specifies the escrow
   rules defining what the user who made the offer expects to get back
   from it via Zoe. 
   
   Example:
   `const { want, give, exit } = sellerSeat.getProposal();`

- `ZCFSeat.getStagedAllocation()` returns the seat's current
   statged allocation. This may change, as offers can be altered
   in response to how they are received. For example,
   if an offer of 10 Quatloos is rejected, a prospective buyer

>    may want to increase their offer to 15 Quatloos. 

Reviewer 2: It can change from the contract reallocating, but the user on the other side can't add to or subtract from the balance.

distributed to the seat's owner were the offer to resolve and a reallocation of
assets to occur. You can add or subtract amounts from a staged allocation, 
or delete the entire allocation.

The increment and decrement methods both take an `AmountKeywordRecord`
as an argument. See the [`AmountKeywordRecord` section](/zoe/api/zoe-contract-facet.md#amountkeywordrecord) of the
Zoe Contract Facet API Reference for a full description with examples.

- `ZCFSeat.hasStagedAllocation()` Returns true if there is a staged allocation, i.e.
   whether `incrementBy()` or `decrementBy()` has been called 
   and `clear()` was not the last of those three methods called. 
   Otherwise returns false.

- `ZCFSeat.incrementBy(amountKeywordRecord)`
   Adds the `amountKeywordRecord` argument to the ZCFseat's staged 
   allocation and returns the resulting new staged allocation value as 
   an `AmountKeywordRecord`. 
   
- `ZCFSeat.decrementBy(amountKeywordRecord)`
   Subtracts the `amountKeywordRecord` argument to the ZCFseat's staged 
   allocation and returns the resulting new staged allocation value as 
   an `AmountKeywordRecord`. **tyg: Can a decrement result in a negative

>    amount value (e.g. -3 Quatloos)?**

Reviewer 2: No.
